Remove Handlebars 🐿 v2.12.5 (#380)
Financial-Times/n-conversion-forms: README.md

## Usage

> This repository contains HTML and CSS that can be used in your projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains JSX components and CSS that can be used in your projects.
```
